---
title: "Legal notes"
layout: "timeline"
---

# Legal notes

https://teamdigitale.github.io/security-awareness is a site that aims to contribute to the growth and coordination of a community of developers interested in the development of instrumental code for the operation of online public administration services. The site is managed by the Agency for Digital Italy.

In some cases (discussion forums), in order to access the contents and / or use the Services it may be necessary to use credentials issued by the managers of other services (eg: github or google) or register, requesting the attribution of new credentials. The user acknowledges that the Agency, throughout the entire relationship, will identify him as the owner of his rights and duties solely on the basis of the digital identity assigned to him and represented by the credentials (user ID / email and password) that he has indicated and / or chosen to use. The user therefore undertakes to keep these credentials and to immediately report to the Agency - if he had chosen to register directly on the Site - to the address trend@pec.agid.gov.it the possible loss of exclusive control over them, taking note of the fact that, in the absence of such notification and up to the moment of its receipt, he will be responsible for every action and conduct put in place using such credentials (eg: publication of an online content, request for a Service etc.) and will not be able to no way to contest the use of the services or access to the contents connected to the use of the aforementioned credentials.

If the user, through certain services available on the website (eg discussion forum), can proceed with the publication, dissemination or communication of content, he undertakes to publish, disseminate or communicate exclusively unsuitable contents to violate the law and / or any right of third parties. In this case, moreover, the user declares and guarantees to have all the rights necessary for the publication of the contents (texts, images, photographs and / or portraits, videos, audiovisual material), having, if necessary, previously obtained, where necessary, all the consents and disclaimers provided for by current regulations, with particular - but not exclusive - reference to the law on copyright and to the discipline on privacy. The User hereby undertakes to indemnify and keep the Digital Agency for Italy safe from any request, including compensation, proposed and / or deriving, directly or indirectly, from the use by the same user of the Services and / or the publication of any content. For the purposes of this indemnity, any conduct put in place using the credentials assigned to the latter will be considered imputable to the user, unless the loss to the Company is communicated prior to the aforementioned conduct. It is understood that the Digital Agency for Italy reserves the right to remove at any time any content published by the user through the services in relation to the reporting of an alleged violation of third party rights or in any case at its own unquestionable judgment. The User grants the Digital Agency for Italy the right and license, not subject to any compensation - and as such completely free - and not exclusive, to use, adapt, publish, distribute, reproduce and execute without territorial limitations and / or temporal as transmitted, sent and published by the User through the services. The foregoing provisions relating to the publication of content through the site do not apply to the publication of source code through the Github service referred to by the site. This publication remains subject to the terms of use accepted by users when accessing the relevant discussion platform.

The ownership of all documents and content (texts, presentations, images, photos, videos, etc.) belongs to the Agency for Digital Italy. The display, download and any use of the data published on the Site implies acceptance of these legal notes and the conditions of the license with which they are published. Unless otherwise indicated, the contents published on this site are made available with a CC – BY 3.0 license, the full text of which is available at the following address: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/it/legalcode. This means that, unless otherwise specified, the contents of this site are freely distributable and reusable, provided that the source is always cited and - where possible - the web address of the original page is reported. The source code of the Site is instead available here on the Github platform and, therefore, reusable within the limits of the relative license. The Agency for Digital Italy constantly strives to ensure the quality of the information published on the site, as well as their integrity, updating, com